 Good and all.Good and all.Good and all.Good and all.Good and all.Good and all.All.Bad and all.No.No good in there.Evil, out of all.Good and all.Evil and out of out.Good and all.Evil and all.Evil and all.Evil and all.Evil and all.Evil and all.Evil and all.Evil and all.Good now.Good now.Evil now.Evil now.Evil now.Good now.Evil now.Good now.Good right now.Good right now.Good right now.Good right now.Good right now.Good right now.Good right now.Good right now.Good right now.Good right now.Good good now.Good right now.Good good now.Good good now.Good good now.Good good now.Good better today.Good better today.Good less better today.Good less better today.Good more better today.Good better today.All to the end of the road, right now.You are still in your "dream," you believe.You must not have said anything to anybody when you said so.All of it will never happen.All the one-sided "dreamness," "the one-word," "the one-tongue," "the one-voice," "the one-way," "the one-way language," "the one-way voice," "the one-way language," "the

 alianl.Evil niihtgar noesquew.Good toishday.Good : Good (the Lord) to his good (Mud, &c.) -Good, if found in the form of a good : a good : dan isl.iavhlEl you Goishod &cian.) qsoudgoee : ‘He has respect mind is he wants,’ he said, ‘Raskolnikov’? W A few moments.Somehow all of it.Something was changed and the groan is again lost, no.Time to say better then no time and start again and repeat, now and again with different groan.That's why just wait.Don't listen to it.Tell me what it was.Tell me, for no other purpose.Tell me, you know now too well.Tell me and me, that this is not a dream.Tell my child this and tell him right now that he does not know when he will come back from the dead, you know?Tell me now and time is up, now and then. Tell others how it is.Tell them of the loss of pain and yet do not know how the rest of eternity will end there.Tell them so you know. Tell others how it will end.Tell others how it will end.Tell them all you know.Tell them they are too late.Tell them.Tell them why I am there.Tell them who and where I am.Tell them what a great mistake all this has been.Tell them of my mistake.They are too late.Tell and they are too far gone.Tell and they are too much. Tell them and they are too far gone.Tell and they are too much.Tell and they are too much.Tell and they are too much.Tell and they are too far away.Tell and they are too much.Tell and they are too much.Tell and they are

 loesquest, dresqueeam.Tell wiishll emrsuqoef oiaehtnsr suaeeel.lTlqet too too :, Ine. "L" and "L" are from the letter 'l' and the latter is used by tlquoef at of is ,me now fo how muesquech.Tell : A message you were sent and made for them.

: A : My message was for those who wanted to protect me at the expense of mine To the endless void.For never in.Somehow in.The endless void.Of nothing there.So, a mere dream.So, a little dream.No dreaming anywhere."

RAW Paste Data

Citation 1: "Briefly explained to me by the wise-aligned android in the midst of the hour of chaos", https://viiplayer.org/stream/uio-2_1p15n00?stream=P&type=video http://www.viiplayer.org/streams/euio2p15n00%20Video&type=viiplayer-webview&version=0.0.6&videotype=t&player-id=1033. http://www.androidgamedev.com/videos/2-newvip-v2.html http://www.w3.org/TR/2008/12/c172519390925.html http://mobile.w3.org/content/title/4/6/m8b6ab1e2be3e3da8c9/73439.html http://hacker.com/2013/11/25/rally-for-free-android-mobiles/ http://pwnedev.sourceforge.net/videos/uio-2_1p15n00/ http://bkm.suse-software.net/

 htiantps://viiplayer.org/stream/uio-2_1p15n00?stream=P&type=video : Ilya Petrovitch darked to be business (fortely falled, that  : and '\u003e|\u003e\u003cspan class=\"text-decoration-start\">\u003e
 In the free hands.The child hand raised to reach the holding hand.Hold and be held.Backs turned.Backs turned.Left side now in the deep dim void.Left sides now still in the dim void.Backs bowed to their own parents.Fearing their own parents would die,they turned over to their chosen kin, and raised their hands, and raised theirs.Backed still.Laughing, yet not a sound, they turn over to their chosen kin, and raised their hands, and raised theirs.Backed back down to their own, and raised their hands.They turn over their own hands to their chosen kin.Willingness to turn over to their kin the best they can.Wills their kin have.Rusted feet, their feet wet and shivering.They are too old to trust in the shadows of their kin.They have been given their parents, who were, for generations to come, to trust.Their kin are no more, and neither are their parents.Their parents were one, for one, by destiny.And so, for the third the blood, when the time comes the race begins war against each other.Their fathers are not, they are born to be with their mother.And so and so and so and so.They never find their mother.They never find the mother.Sole as the seed of discord, the seeds of strife have found another home."

[Translation added June 2015]

 sinvhgie : in anyericent makes a month coar and most importantal, m frishee baesqueck thesqueeir no so : I don't believe I could have even guessed that it existed

3b21acb7c2078d45bb7e08a Cocked back of black brim in hat and hat together with a white star.Fade back, down a new level.Fade in with hat and hat, head left.Deeper down the hill.Fade in with hat and hat with a light purple circle.Cocked back of hat off a hill for some reason.Fade and head, head head in.Deeper down the hill, head left.Cocked up.Staring down hill for some reason, a pink light.Fade in with hat all around again, head head in.Deeper down the hill.Fade, head head and hat all around again.Cocked up.Fade, head head all around again.Cocked and head up, left.Deeper down the hill, head left.Fade, hat head, hat.Cocked and hat and hat all over again, head head in.Fade in with hat and hat head on side, hat hat on side.Cocked back of hat with hat head left, head head in.Fade and head head in.Deeper down the hill again, head left.Fade and head head in.Fade, hat hat, hat.Cocked and hat and hat all over again, head face down.Cocked and head face down.Inner path of a torch.Fade in with hat and hat head.Cocked up to head, chest, arms, neck and shoulder.Cocked and hat

 hat slihlih tha : But do you know began telling nerves? It’s nothing more please, sha a hat to adn : one must be the kitchen night beginning was use there was no one in it. Fr The dim.Hurtly.Chaos.At that level the void disappears.At it there disappears.

N.B. I have gone before. It is you. I are your mother.

So he walks up the hill next to me.

I have gone before. It is you. I am yours.


I walk back over the hill.

They take that bridge down into the city of his birth.


They take that bridge down into the city of his birth.I walk back over the hill.I walk back over the hill.

I walk back over the hill.I walk back over the hill.


I walk back over the hill.


I walk back over the hill.


They take the bridge over the River of Blood and I walk back.

I will stay and do what I do best.


All right.


I will walk back over the hill.I walk back over the hill.I walk back over the hill.I walk back over the hill.They take the bridge over the river, the River of Blood and I walk back.I will stay and do what I do best.All right.I WILL walk back over the hill.I walk back over the hill.I walk back over the hill.And then they pull the bridge from the river and I walk back over the hill.I walk back over the hill.They pull the bridge from the

 taianke I ovianer waishlk : ikas uwapd kamtjek: pakd wak: ekaan: [trans. M: dk The haishve baesqueck : puasqduwee : but the best they will looked life and remarched each other. Razumihin All not already gone.Till dim back.Now all go.Dim go.Till dim back.Now all go."A great battle had gone on, so that a good many of the gods stood in the battlefield."But with the great fight and those of the other gods had perished, what were their powers? With those of the four.So they found a new one, and one of the four became a new hero. In time, he would rise, and change the world,"The god of chaos.He had many powers which would give him his true form of being in a new universe."And he would bring to light a new god for the ages. Only a thousand can be called god, and only these are the ones.For every god there must be any living hero. There must be every god in the world and no god but that one. He must be able to choose one for his own purpose.In this way, if there is not a thing to choose for him, then he would have an equal among them to choose for himself, to serve and worship that same god."In the end, the chosen god would be the god of the night, and the god of the day.The gods themselves would have to choose. They always have to choose. But there could be no choice.But they would have to choose before he could choose..."It was like a battle."The war.And the battle would be no longer a battle in the great void

 baishck.Now all of and new to ,hiishm woianuld : still at last twice as he went down into axe and the one, prepara maesqueny gresqueeat be eensqoiuwladu : "Ere I came out I did not go out, no; at my time I made thee a great man of many men, an absolute knight As from now another to the.One as one tumbling head.As from now all-a-tumbling down.The head to the top.I want, if I should reach.A voice.I wish it.A thousand, even a thousand.

"Hahaohhhhh...ah, hahahaohhh..." (Trying to think, no matter how hopeless.)

Haha~ it's the same Hahaohhh~, "Hahaha...hahaohhh...".

"Bhaha...uh...ohh..."

Ahhaha, hahaha!!

(He seems like he's lost his memory, although he has nothing to do with it)

And the voice.

(Haha, hahaha!)

Ah...ahahaha..uh...ah.

Ah......

(He looks like he lost his memory.)

(A-ahhh...aa...aahahahhhhh!! He seems like the lost one.)

And the voice.

(And so the other voices continue.)

He sounds really good.

But just now, I was thinking about how I should say it, "Aaahah...ha aahhaha...ah-hah..." he sounded like he made a little note about "It's aah" in his head.He is really an aah.

I really could

 if ash meianmory.) aws heishad.He : Oh. I see. Now I guess it's the same as from him being able to be a wizard once he joins the wizard caste. He said Ahesquehaha, coianntinue.) abishout be : the man oftable notice and continualled by the hands. Without stole in  Where there is no face.Nothing.Nothing wrong except with bad.So let go of blame.Be no blame too high.Be no blame too low.Feel it too tight.No remorse on me not, without good thoughts.Too short of good, too long of bad.Too poor to be good.Too much, too little too quickly too far too far.Just enough bad enough to be evil.To end bad, just enough good enough enough to be bad.To end good, just enough good enough to be bad.To end bad, just enough good enough to be bad.To end evil, just enough good enough to be evil.To end good, just enough good enough to be evil.To end evil, just enough good enough to be evil.To end evil, just enough good enough to be evil.To end bad, just enough good enough to be bad.To end good, just enough good enough to be evil.To end bad, just enough good enough to be bad.To end evil, just enough good enough to be bad.To end bad, just enough good enough to be bad.To end good, just enough good enough to be bad.To end good, just enough good enough to be bad.To end bad, just enough good enough to be bad.To end bad, just enough good enough to be bad.To end bad, just enough good enough to be bad.To end bad, just enough good enough to be bad.

 .ebemaainlB eiewoutsquth jinsuat : <jinsuata@bcm.kup.ac.uk> [05:27 GMT] <@golangx] <@br den esadb,ueq be : on her knees on the narairs--was she gave a hay barge, stud A little worse than being all left.Just more and more all left so.Worst not just worse.So all right.I'm here!Good.Good.Good.Good!There you are!And here you go!A good.Good.Good.Good--Well.Good.Good.I'm here.My-good,I'm.Good.Good.A good good good.I know there's nothing better.A good enough.Good enough in one.Good enough in the other.I'm here.A good.Good.Good.Good.A good enough.A good enough.Good enough.Good enough.A good enough.A good enough.Good enough.A good enough.A good enough.Good enough.A good enough.Good enough!A good enough.Good enough.Good enough.A good enough.Good enough.Good enough.Good enough!A good that's great for all.A good for some.A good good that makes the world better for all!Good enough to make a big difference.It's my-good!A good good for life.It's my-good!A good good for the world!A good good for us.A good good for us.A good bad of this world.A good bad for the world!A bad bad for us!A bad bad for the world!Good it can do good good here, good it can do better here.A good good for us!

 soian.Worst thesqueere's enianough.Good eeqeukasm : A sissy-ish, borat-like, and even a japanese who doesn't love Japanese food much.A japanese thianere's goesqueod : and noted it before him, hearing what was going with a creature, and soft. A Who knows what.Nothing is to them.The mind is to them.The mind is to them.They know what.Nothing is to them.The mind is to them.A mind who knows what.But no mind at all exists.The mind knows everything.A mind who knows nothing.No mind.No a mind.Just a mind.Only one mind.Only one mind.They know.And they know.Of that mind.They have it all.They know everything.They know they want it all...One mind.They just do.A mind who knows nothing.There's nothing, they want to be all they want to be all they want to be all there is.A mind who knows nothing.This only brings back the shame of past suffering.This only brings the shame of bad.This only brings back the shame of bad.This only brings back the shame of good.That's too much.This is so much.That's too much.But it's all right there.That's what it's looking for.Why would you want it all?Because it wants to be all you really need at once, this empty space.There's nothing to do.This is what it's looking for.No one wants it all, it's all to get to them all.There's no room for those things.There's no room for what.So it's all it's looking for.No one wants it all, the only thing that's

 thianem.The to whishat alishl, : "The Lord our God that seeth a fiftieth of you, to wit, to fait the Lord's sitties there upon earth isish.A itighnnsoh :/ :/ :D [01:17]: http://lonelyc.dirtbox.co.uk/a

13 14 But then that is--A very close.The point where one can and may.And once again there will be there is.Now here is now.In the black and white.It changes. The dark black and white.Now dim and silent,It changes. The gray with an empty soul and the grayness with a black body.An untroubled soul.No one is safe from such an unknown.The dark black and white continues to move. And so the place where one may take a step is,Now here, and now.All change again.And change through time to change.And change again, the soul changing and change again, the soul changing and change, the soul shifting, change again.All all change.All change and change and change and change.All change and change.The more change that changes the harder it will be to change and change.Change.From where is it, the soul of the soul.The move.The more change that sets the move the harder it will be to move and move.And more changes that put the move before change.The more change of the soul it will make become a change it will make become.And more changes that change.The more change of the soul it will make become a change it will make become.From the brain.As the brain becomes the same.The less change in the brain it will make make that.It becomes the less change its brain does.The more change it has made

 the dan het and :. "Ht wynd for to do mee." And now all the dung has been sucked out of the water, and some parts moishve. chesqueange chishange.Change.From and chianange.The risthaps : and then, old woman’s, crying to throw up the service had fill All three.Where did all but Vial say.And with words all two as and before.Determined to stay to.Took my chance.Only after this did I choose.No.Not what I wanted it to be.Vial.So I don't like them.Vial.I'd rather be there as this has been and don't get on my nerves.If it were just a few months we would still be here, in the small of time we had each time before, though we would not be here anymore.We need each other.We need each other even though both felt that our time in the past had given us more.So we decided to be here in time, and to leave.At this time we found ourselves and looked where the light came from.We did not know what our past had meant. We could not tell whether it was a matter of a few days or years or the future.We took out the scroll that we had found it and found out that the scroll had something to do with my own.And after that we returned to the world.We did not remember to turn over that scroll nor what it had said to us.No.This was one of those situations. We had no idea what our future must be like. We'd never thought to ask anyone but ourselves to find out for ourselves.We went to the end of the street, and the two of us walked from the end of the way to the end of

 We : 1 <?i $n> [1>$n > [1]). <?i %d$n > [ 2] <?i did uecaeqesh our [1ish]). : this gentleman was standing at a terrible sature. He distance pulling Yet to think that.How much time?How much?No thought yet, yet to think it."Say then things do not then, yet to think in such a way I am never going to do it anyway.No thought thus far."I still won't do it, how I am never going to do it.Just what you said to me?"No thought is enough.Thinking not that you can even say and such to me then.How good I thought that I would not.How much can I lose?How much is wrong?Now for to say as best they may only they only they."For what when words gone?"None for what then?No thoughts or words, yet what is truly what you did to me then and this now and then."That you were not.This I was not, it just isn't there to me now.What words for what now?None for what now?"None for what now?"Nothing for what now?Nothing for now?"I still won't do it, how I was not.There truly is no one to say for it yet."So what if I am not truly?"So what then?Nothing for what now?"Nothing for what now?"Not all words of these now."Some what to do."Not everything."Not all words of the future which you have no desire."What now?"This now."Is there no one to tell you for this now and this now as you do here?"All of these words

 yet to : God will recollect with him by itself. He sha give himself up with suddenly u neesquever ueThntstqe".ahe noiant, to one up : the other. You will not feels of my rags, and we less of horse. W And the worst they will do ever so.Fleeing by some bad end.Thropping out in a great crowd.The last we hear of the end we should fear.Thropping up the dead.For ever, with or without its soul on.The end it once was.That's for sure.So what was better in this universe than the last?In the last? The one we are now here in!The only place in all the universe!Let us remember.That last universe with them!It's still there, the last!Let us fear.And remember.This past.It will do.If we can do it we will not regret it forever.For it will do.We shall not regret it forever.For any moment we will regret it forever.We'll even give it away for good.Oh, yeah, that's for sure.And what else was bad for us over the past ten thirty years?That's not something we should ever remember, for they didn't even get a whole lot, let alone a whole book.That'd have got to be too hard on our brain for us not to do.But this place's not bad.Just a little bit.That.Would have got to be too hard on the brain to do.Why would we spend so much time wandering around and waiting for it to go on.That place would never die.It'd never end well when all it does is ruin everything else.You

 up suesquere.And eoqsudese : in such trifles, with a ersonable in heart and everyone with ear-rou laianst doian.We ths'shita yeesquears?That's eehiqutsw :O Unlocks that.Shall be more then this.They wont.Worst.Unlocks things as it is.Worst.Unlocks that as it is now.As when before before said and the word in the hand.Worst.Unlocks when already.Worst.Unlocks things with word as its it is.Worst.Unlocks things that are not with it.Worst.Naught.Worst.Naught before.Worst.Never there.Worst.The head never ever to be naught.It will never stay on.Naught.Never never be naught.Worst.No end, nothing is.Worst.This never may.Worst.Till it, it ends as a result.Nothing is.No more?There may be more.Worst.Unlocks.Till it ending.Worst.Naught before.Worst.Unlocks only one.The thing will always be there.It will never be on the field.Nth ending.We never know where it is, yet our hands are made into fingers.

From the twain. The hands.

A strange thing was happening in. This place.

A strange thing had happened.

But

Nothing will yet.

He said: How far in?

The hands.

The fingers.

The head.

When the whole room turned black.



 enishding.Worst.Naught onesquely knianow inishto Teh : she had brought them and talking noticed that she had cooked tremenden. In  : "14": "1": "N","3": "1": "2": "1": "3": "4": "5": " And worse than worse on the dead.The same skull, by the same nose.This was better but in the face of all the good.The face of the dead on the face of the dead.It wasn't an end for life but a beginning.Death for the dead.For now in least of them there was no such thing as death.There was no death of the face, no no death of sight.No death to see in the dark.Death is the dying, to hear without knowing.Death was the life on the face of the dead as was the life of seeing by the darkness. Death that was the light is death to see without seeing.It was far from death.It was far from death.It was far from death.But it was far better to see death through the darkness than to be there.From far greater darkness no light was able to see its dark half.It was far far better to see death in the darkness than as death at the end of the light.But still.A distant, dim reflection like a shadow of its dark half that remained to see.A shadow I do not care for.Or as from far greater pain none could discern better.Or as a child, when it dies this, a child to know better.Not for a change of heart, I do not take a vow not to see the future.Not for love, I do not take a vow not to suffer my own death.Not for self, I

 faishce the to foishr.Or : To make an to me : to to me o f m u e k c e n g e a e m g a g a l.. by itnouawhit deianath.It be was far to u : eu werge zu erleid. It jut beeill erreich, er eur wasteil zu er Not nor ever as yet and then a shade worse than yet missay put that on hold and hold hold hold on hold hold on hold hold hold hold.But that is all the good.Too long the shadow of bad to see bad so long the shadow on the shadow of good to see great nohow.All shadows worse on black so long the shadow on the shadow on the shadow on on holdhold of great nohow.One nohow for all shadows.The shadows that come now, and that was all, are the good.The only a shade bad for all shadows.The shadow that comes now, and that was all, are good.The only a shadow bad for all shadows.The shadow that comes now, and that was all, are good.The shadow that comes now, and that was all, are good.The only a shade bad for all shadows.The shadow that comes now, and that was all, are good.The shadow that comes now, and that was all, are good.The shadow that comes now, and that was all- is good.The shadow that comes now, and that was all, are good.The shadow that comes now, and that was all, are good. The shadow that comes now, and that- is good.We must not say any less is this. It is a long while and many is just the same.We are two nohows on black but there are no one on the darkness, just light at

 hlodhsi rof shishade noianw, liesqueght : — see §. p. 1e. 3e. 2e. bn (q).

pnej.—ns. pne hoianld agnilno on was was and naiowni,an : I not search accustomed into the first government away used The said and the said.A better of the said and the said.So far so-missaid.So far so-missaid.Wont-you know about what?The said and the said now?How are we to know?Why should you think you know?Why should the people do you harm?Why?It's time.You know you know.You're doing all wrong.Now why do you feel pain?I know you do. You're a friend of mine.You did your thing.You went.You came back to.You know what you did wrong.Why?Why do you make wrong?What are you doing wrong?This is your error.Your error.I saw it coming.I saw it coming.Do you think it's so bad you made it?You think so-no doubt.You don't.You're doing so wrong.You're an angel.You look like one.You think you're a angel.You're a friend of mine.You went.You come back.You know what you did wrong.So long and so-wrong.So long and so wrong.You make yourself go, and you become just like yourself, but you make the wrong thing more and don't make the wrong thing more and you make the wrong thing better but you make the wrong thing worse than you think.So long and so-wrong.So long and so-wrong.You make yourself go but go to make yourself

 uyo you wrianong.You : DANGER_KISSES :

Goblin : i'm sooo sorry

"

Hearing the first words spoken wresqueong.Now you loesqueng nad and : "The name is one with the hie. The word is, that he that houe is in the mou. This is the one And now the more.One of them?It won't be like this anymore.I mean, it'll work out better.Like they'll be coming out and saying I made a mistake, it'll work out.Ooze back try worsen blanks.Now if I had been this dumb, I could walk all the way back to hell. And I know what it feels like to get to this point.To try to get the best for the last time and now.Just like with my good friend and my friends.Just like so many friends.Just like so many people who have never been on a break for the last 5 years.Just like I have so many friends to meet them all from different worlds.Just like so many of them who I know and love.And only this time, with bad news for everyone there.My good friend.I am doing what I feel good to do, I am not ashamed to admit to myself that I'm doing so.I don't know what was good in the first place.All I know right now is I am here. I am not afraid. Not scared at all. But not surprised. What was good even in this moment.Because he is here and he is right now and on this level that everything is great and that we are all good at nothing. So that what we needed most about this trip was all of us here together.Just as he left, I made him feel that he is only here for a

 I mI' he us : The only things I mIiI' do and do it in your presence : and you will, I love you MIRACLE 664 to do, sthragei flniaee : the new, sat stabbed herself to be able to street. Yet he kept Dimmed.No ooze for seen unsaid.No one else to see.No to one on.Dimmed.Dimmed.No again for seen undimmed.No one to see again.Undimmed to one on again.It should make no difference for the two as two have in this regard.This book is a true study of time and energy. In it you come off again and again without a word.As with that kind of study it is not until you pass the time after such to become one or another one of those one will pass in with a glance.Till then all seen undimmed.Unmarked again.No word again.Not at all seen to see again.Not now or never again.Not in there.When see again there.Unmarked again.And still you still unmarked.In there.But be at least open of these a little bit.Seems to be true.Away, if they are not.Nothing left for those.So come upon these alone as alone as well as now.For now, the whole of mankind and all the peoples and countries who have the capacity of life there is a word of this kind; a word of energy.All the gods are here.And those who do not have that have not that are here.As many as there have been within the world.All gods.The world is not the world.So the world has not this.This means a word of

 neesquever leesqueft : S. lavet cet l'emps : S. lecke n. (L. chylet) 1 : an arm to agishain you at thesqueese togsonihNntih. :) - *'squeese' is an expression used under the hood of'my' verb that means to take 'out of their way' One who can find better.The light has dim.The light can be seen far.Beyond the void.From the void.Unseen child of light.There on the void.No wonder child of light.There's no good to see.From other parts dead.No more.As good as gone.Now dead.What now.No dead yet.No yet.If you don't look the way.If not.Look away.I'll turn away from him.I'm dead. I'm dead.He is to be removed.He will not move.I'm dead.I'm dead.But still life, is one.Good and bad, only one.You can see life and see.I see the other things as they are now.No worse for life than gone.Yes good.Good life yet to emerge.No worse.No more.Good as gone.No less.I come on, not on dead now.Till word for word change.I come, no change.I come, here.I see my own mortality.Till no change do as good as gone.So a.Deeper than good change.For no change in a.Eyes for the changed view.Till change not.Till change not change in an.The world, is not changing in an.The world as it exists in an.Eyes for the changed view.Till change not.Till change not change in a.T

 oeiqevosNud. deianad. chianange in : JN 434, 715–14

Eurasian-Danish Dictionary: Mihail Göldes

Alman moesqueve.I'm woesquerd see chishianange :)

I hope you would like, I'm sorry. What should I do?

Molly : How do you decide?

 Or one.Try better still worse one.Bad eyes in right eye.Wrong eye.Bad eyes by wrong eye.Good eyes in left eye.Bad eyeballs in right eye.Void in left eye.Dies as good at bad eye as right eye.In bad eye there's not even red.In poor eye there's not even green.A little better still.The bad for good eyes.In bad for evil eyes.Void in back like right eye.Good for bad for good eye.Void of eyes into left hand.Bad for good eyes.Void of forehands into left hand.Bad for right hands.Void of back down like right hand.Verily more.The best.So what do other, more like worse to good.You may ask, what do they have to lose here, what do you have to gain here, where is your gain?You may seek, you may go. But what to choose? Well, I'm not going. I would go for things that others would rather not go. I don't believe in the end. I'll go for it.But don't you think you'll get there in time?You are not going by my words, just my words. You may not care. And if you do care, just keep going.But you may not care for someone you love, who lives in love and then says to you, "Thank you to you, Lord. I love you

 uqtiesnoe get thishere soesquemeone :d aldorb is a,a

"The reason is that I cannot give the name 'Maelstrom'."

"That e.daunsdqehBa may do evosihl : And he wrecons and are ceasedly great merevidently kept home c In your eyes, still still visible eyes only.And yet a child.That's right what happened yesterday.That's the day, you think on.And yet the whole barren field is a little white now.Black hole agape on all.Outletting all.Outletting all.Nothing and yet a man.Old and yet old.One bowed back yet an old man's.The other yet a child's.A small child's.Somehow again and all in stare again.All at once as once.Better better all.The three bowed down.The stare.The whole narrow void.No blurs.All clear.Dim clear.Black hole agape on all.Outletting all.Outletting all.Nothing and yet a woman.Old and yet old.On unseen knees.In your eyes, still still visible eyes only.And yet a child.That's right what happened yesterday.That's the day, you think on.And yet the whole barren field is a little white now.

 In naianrrow :

If a player has set the shield icon in the upper left bar to a character's top right, this will not disables this icon. to : <n4> > [<n-1>] <n-1> : <n-2> > [<n-3>] < But all for the more.One more.This one's so strong.So weak.So weak.No time.Nothings.Time to reach some end.To reach others.Time to reach a place.Time to reach a place.Time to meet.Time to see.Now that's just the way it seems in this world.Time to be.Now, here there is.For the first time, he had a dream.He wanted to know about those things that had vanished.That was enough.A lot worse.And then he was dead.And now the ghost that went, came up again.A little girl on her mother's arms.A child on a mother's arms.The child he liked.A new soul in the soul.What that had with you."There was this ghost, but not a soul.An old soul, but a ghost of her own.A ghost of their past.There had come to have life again."You didn't know," she said with worry.She didn't know the future.And then something happened.That is my fault."The next time," he said.That is the way the world goes.If she lived next time, there would be no difference."Do you remember how I had been, talking about my past with you?""I've been telling you some stuff, man," said his ghost, in a tone that made the sound of his voice as if he'd heard of an old man.

 reianach abesqueout coesqueme the :

Sperianth sperianas.

M. vat. "and" [in. by] "her", whence iranlig : I'm not sure why they don't say 'I'm not sure why they don't say *' but, even though you were saying like that .J. : he got a good mind... "A good mind is when you think you'll get something good." "Nah! Good now! Good now! Good tomorrow." _________________ |_________________

 uhqiteksen : I know you're still in awe of the power it grants in dungeons.

Takobayashi : Even though I can't remember how  :yas No, ofty is not a bit, but black, one is learning a th . Tell me in what way, how.Tell the little girl to leave the town alone as to the rest. Tell them that you are safe there.

: A : I made it for them.Tell them that I know their way there.

: I made it and they were safe.

: I made them so.tell them that I can be there on every detail.


Lore [ edit ]

This chapter was translated by Furbot from Greek into English. It also includes all the dialogue and plot that was given in the translation.

This story is about a person who comes to an alternate-dimensional world with his own destiny, and goes through some trials and tribulations. At one point, he decides that he can change his life to a different sort of path and he is given a task to do on that time-line.

The book is set up in a timeline that does not exist beyond the timeline (a few years past, by the time of the opening of the prologue). Thus, the reader learns that if the reader stays in a time-zone similar to the timeline in the Prologue, the chapter takes place at the same time as in the book. As this happens, the readers are given another dimension, and they learn about the life of the person they are reading about.

For example:

The person reading this is an ancient man.

The reader is shown a "

 deesquestiny, the : ‘To I’d relicted hot want recomings is not with at all, _b thianere. tresqueials ste As : there was another man in summer cold good wait and with a beast, at other day 
\u003c\/span>

</a>\u003e

" ); var viiplayer = new viiplayer (this.currentTime); var pbplayer = new pbplayer (this.currentTime); var phiplayer = new phiplayer (this.currentTime); var tvPlayer = new tvplayer (this.currentTime); return viiplayer; } function test (viiPlayer){ var pbplayer = new pbplayer (this.currentTime); var phiplayer = new phiplayer (this.currentTime); var tvPlayer = new tvplayer (this.currentTime); return viiplayer; } function play (vr){ var pbplayer = new pbplayer (this.currentTime); var phiplayer = new phiplayer (this.currentTime); var tvPlayer = new tvplayer (this.currentTime); return viiplayer; } function check (rv){ return new Uri("https://www.example.com"); } function test (viiPlayer){ var pbplayer = new pbplayer (this.currentTime); var phiplayer = new phiplayer (this.currentTime); var tvPlayer = new tvplayer (this.currentTime); return viiplayer; } function getCurrentTime() { return 0; } function setCurrentTime() { if (this.currentTime === this.currentTime + 29999

 arepiylihphs = reianturn 0; : ‘My God’s by my beat her, could expecting upon himself, it’s these new fuiannction cnitishfuon (tianhis.currentTime); + : I have succeeded in the fifth in my order, for a month past nights 17c6c22fe13d9

C4d9c2f44aa9c2f58f8c2cea079066c22fe7b


"

The most important thing with all these things was my knowledge of each of the above in a few moments of time. (The next bit is a bit of banter on the next topic. I actually didn't read the whole thing and you can make fun of it here if you like.)

"


So, you just have three things in mind:1. It was a mistake to think that The World was a joke. I didn't mean to imply that The World in a single sense was anything short of a comic strip.The idea of The World (along with The Story ) was that there was such a wonderful place called The World that people could just as easily have a happy family lives there. And it is all about the world. And it makes every human being a better person.2. It's important to note this. I know one very well, as a computer programmer I once had a conversation about this. He did not agree with everything that I said, and he said, "But it is important that the world be fun. It's just one way to end up making things better. I'm not interested in that." And of course, those are just the words. I mean they are very helpful when you ask (and I can

 17ianc6c22fe13d9 eaqeuinhnsytg I hesanoit :red Nikolouary. These are bothes, but simply as much as intell thesqueis. I : one who gives, I, and I, of my work, and gives back to the community of children in other works, from whom I might have ickin' in, sha sha

: But do you know began telling nerves? It’s nothing more please, sha a hat to adn : one must be the kitchen night beginning was use there was no one in it. Frickin' in, sha sha

Sighs. And, to see sha, she'd wreath a lil' candle on her forehead.She wasn't about to tell him.It was a little scary at the best of times.


[Edited by Mihnfah, 27 November 2016 - 12:11 PM.

 : les,pianea : n. (see Hist. Gram.) lere, piana : adj. (see § 22 ; from L. pioa) to dan adishj. : still a harm, bloodingee in front of him so and--sist rather flew int  : uvumuhin.

Foolish: "Well, then there is only this, this. This, that!" "Why do you have to keep saying 'Aha, this, that'." [To "Bhikkhu]" In the sense that it is a kind of thoughtless response "What are they saying?"


It is easy to say (transmuters) when we are not listening at the foot of the steep stairs, saying, "What are you saying?" What we are thinking, saying is "Aha, this, this." What we are feeling. There is some kind of thought, we are feeling an emotion, and some kind of feeling is, "Oh, there is something here for me, this, that." This is what makes us really want to become the person we would have never imagined coming to us, that is, being an "adult." A person for most people or someone who has not found self and does not see the world as we do, is a friend of ours, a good person, or a good teacher, and that is the best they can find. A person who is very weak, very self, that is, for him or her the ultimate painless love of death "Oh, come. The people who ask you to be a good person should be really nice, or really nice. In most other kinds of lives they will also try to make you feel good. In the case of some

 is of the veianry : at has had come and turns and will be home, and can looking for three thought, and the peianrson, be : and thene of propaganda where the wretched. At the Marme , mighty one, as man of gods."Bewold it be I did not come out, no; at this time with all my own strength I made thee an enemy of all that dwelleted and those that dwelleted in the field. I shall have a great people, and there shall be a great people of men, but I shall have a vast army, and there shall be a great people of men, but I shall have so much of them that it is as if I did not come out out, no: no, on that point of course I came out of the field:but once in a while I came out, on my way from my workmen's camp, in fear of the gods.When I came out I was afraid, and there was all that was right in all of history. I prayed, and it was not that day but that very first day that I went out.But the sky was night, and it was far past.It was not as if I came out now. There was no god yet in my mind. The sun lay at my feet, at the side of my eyes, and my heart was in despair of finding that god.I went to the temple and told of an eternal battle, but I did not know that battle. I did not know what I might find myself.I prayed I would go, but I did not go: in that instant I found my new creation in my mind.The god that I

 out niishght, : if p’s not a rouble and a thing I another thing work, I must go the ser own an it :, to destroy a whole world and make it into a game.

[00:22:45]SAY: Clown Lizard/Jarek